chore(links): update links (#21966)
prisma/prisma: packages/cli/README.md

- [**Prisma Migrate**](https://www.prisma.io/docs/concepts/components/prisma-migrate): Declarative data modeling & migration system
- [**Prisma Studio**](https://github.com/prisma/studio): GUI to view and edit data in your database

Prisma Client can be used in _any_ Node.js or TypeScript backend application (including serverless applications and microservices). This can be a [REST API](https://www.prisma.io/docs/concepts/overview/prisma-in-your-stack/rest), a [GraphQL API](https://www.prisma.io/docs/concepts/overview/prisma-in-your-stack/graphql) a gRPC API, or anything else that needs a database.

## Getting started

> The fastest way to get started with Prisma is by following the [**Quickstart (5 min)**](https://www.prisma.io/docs/getting-started/quickstart).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The fastest way to get started with Prisma is by following the [**Quickstart (5 min)**](https://pris.ly/quickstart).
```
